Implementation of tuple analyzers (#2846)
DotNetAnalyzers/StyleCopAnalyzers: documentation/NamingRules.md

[SA1311](SA1311.md) | StaticReadonlyFieldsMustBeginWithUpperCaseLetter | The name of a static readonly field does not begin with an upper-case letter. 
[SA1312](SA1312.md) | VariableNamesMustBeginWithLowerCaseLetter | The name of a variable in C# does not begin with a lower-case letter. 
[SA1313](SA1313.md) | ParameterNamesMustBeginWithLowerCaseLetter | The name of a parameter in C# does not begin with a lower-case letter. 
[SA1314](SA1314.md) | TypeParameterNamesMustBeginWithT | The name of a C# type parameter does not begin with the capital letter T.

> [SA1316](SA1316.md) | TupleFieldNamesMustUseCorrectCasing | Field names within a tuple declaration should have the correct casing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[SA1316](SA1316.md) | TupleElementNamesShouldUseCorrectCasing | Element names within a tuple type should have the correct casing.
```
